<h1>Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?</h1>
The goal of the app that I developed was to allow end users to create/sign into their accounts and keep track of inventory with the ability of adding, updating, and deleting. The requirements of the app were for accounts to be authenticated with the account database of those who created accounts. After the user has successfully created an account and signed in, it would redirect the inventory grid screen and grant the user the ability to add, update, delete and store these changes into the inventory database so when the user would close, or sign out of the account, the changes would stay, The app will ask for SMS alerts permissions and if allowed, send the user low stock alerts. If not, the app will continue to function as intended.
<h1>What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?</h1>
  The application had 5 screens: Login, Create Account, Inventory Grid, Add Item Dialog, and Edit Item Dialog. To keep the user in mind while developing the UI. I maintained the same theme between the screens and kept a clean interface for the users not to be confused or distracted when using the app for its intended use. 
<h1>How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those techniques or strategies be applied in the future?</h1>
  When I approached the process on coding my app, I spent a lot of time just trying to figure out how I wanted the UI. Throughout that process, I wanted many features to be included but once I began coding the project, I realized that some features would not make the final release of the app but could be added later. One of the techniques I used when coding the app, I made a list of necessary features to make the app be used as intended and on the other list, would be the features that I would have like to be added but not necessary to meet the user’s needs. This technique would be extremely helpful when coding other applications in the future.
<h1>How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important, and what did it reveal?</h1>
  The way that I tested to ensure my code was functional and ready for launch was whenever I made a change in the code that would impact a certain feature, I would primarily focus on testing out everything that uses that feature. This process is important to ensure that the change recently made does not impact other functions of the application, if testing is not done and I continue to make changes then it would be hard to pinpoint an issue in the code when testing. 
<h1>Consider the full app design and development process from initial planning to finalization. Where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?</h1>
  A challenge that I needed to overcome was getting the SMS alerts to work as Android Studio kept saying that SMS permissions were not granted when it was added to the manifest. Luckily, there were many tutorials online for me to research and I was able to overcome the challenge and SMS alerts began to work within the application.
<h1>In what specific component of your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?</h1>
  The specific component in my mobile app that I was particularly successful in demonstrating my knowledge and skills was creating the SQL database for the user account creation and logging in. I enjoyed creating that feature in the application when I first started coding.

